Fixed the typo, BPG to BGP with all Docs (#709)
tigera/docs: calico_versioned_docs/version-3.26/about/about-calico.mdx

| Feature                      | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Dataplanes                   | eBPF, standard Linux iptables, Windows HNS, VPP.         |

> | Networking                   | &bull; Scalable pod networking using BGPor overlay networking<br />&bull; Advanced IP address management that is customizable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Networking                   | &bull; Scalable pod networking using BGP or overlay networking<br />&bull; Advanced IP address management that is customizable |
```
